INSTRUCTIONS

1. Program Name:  create_mlf.cpp
		This is to create the label file to run HTK.
	Output:	labelled mlf file

2. Program Name: makeproto.cpp
	      This is to copy the initial model number of symbols times, in a specific format to train HMM.
	Output: model prototype

3. Program Name: dtw_mandi_some_classes.m
		Performs DTW on the given Mandi data set using only 5 classes.

4. Program Name: dtw_kmean.m
		Performs DTW on the given Mandi data set using only all classes.

5. Program Name : Perceptron_new.m
		Perceptron classifier (one versus rest).
	Output: Confusion matrix

6. Program Name:  get_scores_DTW(test,reference)
	  This program calculates min scores of testdata.
	   run as get_scores_DTW(test,reference)
   output: minimum scores of test data
7. Program Name:  gmm_final.m
		Runs gmm on image data set with pca preprocessing on image data.
	Output:	confusion matrix and other scores parameters.
8. Program Name: BOW_images.m
		Runs gmm on image dataset with bow preprocessing on image data.
	output : confusion matrix and other scores parameters.
9. Program Name:pca_knn.m	
		runs knn on image dataset with pca preprocessing on image data.
	output : confusion matrix and other scores parameters.
10. Program Name:Knn_pp_bow.m
		runs knn on image dataset with bow preprocessing on image data.
	output : confusion matrix and other scores parameters.
11. Program Name:pca_parzven.m
		runs parzen gaussian kernal on image dataset with pca preprocessing on image data.
	output : confusion matrix and other scores parameters.
12. Program Name:pca_parzven_hemisphere.m
		runs parzen hemisphere kernal on image dataset with pca preprocessing on image data.
	output : confusion matrix and other scores parameters.
13. Program Name:pca_parzven_hemisphere.m
		runs parzen hemisphere kernal on image dataset with pca preprocessing on image data.
	output : confusion matrix and other scores parameters.
14.Program Name:fda.m
		runs fda image dataset.
	output : confusion matrix and other scores parameters.
15.Program name :svm toolkit
		runs svm image dataset.
	output : Accuracy and Predicated labels.

16.Program name :dtw_music.m
		Performs dtw on music data set.
	output : Accuracy and Predicated labels.

17.Program name :dtw_kmeans_music.m
		Performs dtw on music data set after applying k-means.
		output : Accuracy and Predicated labels.

All other functions are called internally.

